---
id: qcmynruvvuvqkd4bdk2fa3f
title: Initial supervision meeting & high-level objectives
desc: ''
updated: 1701348798306
created: 1701348544675
---

* Meeting with Paul Mitchell and Benjamin Henson on Tuesday.
* Discussed background for original project idea and overall goals to achieve.
* Discussed previous work carried out by Katie, limitations, and scope for future work.
  * Improving real-time computing.
    * Experimentation with more powerful processing hardware.
    * Research on hypervisors, threading, and multiprocessing.
    * Using IR beams to detect backscatter, potentially eliminating need for high/low beam flash loops.
    * Streaming video from Pi to a more powerful computer to compute backscatter locations, transmitting back to Pi to drive projector.
      * Potential latency issues.
    * Algorithm, Python/OpenCV optimisations.
  * Underwater testing.
    * Takes a long time, can be achieved with bubbles to replicate backscatter in controlled environment such as a tank.
    * Probably best to carry out at the end of the project?
  * Backscatter depth perception.
  * ML-based backscatter position tracking.
* Pursuing one point from the above four is complex enough for the project.
* Next meeting scheduled for 2pm on Thursday 9th.
  * In-person at the ISA.
  * Paul to send calendar invite.
  * Tour of the ISA, and desk allocation for me to work at.
* Actionable points:
  * For each of the four future work objectives, I’ll be carrying out preliminary research to understand what technologies, technicalities and techniques are required.
  * At the next supervision meeting at the ISA, I will be introduced to the end-result of Katie’s work. Using this I can better gauge what point to pursue.
